Adding READMEs to all directories (#584)
SAFEHR-data/PIXL: pixl_dcmd/README.md

- `anonymise_dicom()`: Applies the [anonymisation operations](#tag-scheme-anonymisation) 
   for the appropriate tag scheme using [Kitware Dicom Anonymizer](https://github.com/KitwareMedical/dicom-anonymizer)
   and deletes any tags not mentioned in the tag scheme. The dataset is updated in place.

>      - Will throw a `PixlSkipInstanceError` for any series based on the project config file. {SK: this sentence doesn't quite make sense to me} Specifically, an error
>        will be thrown if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Throws `PixlSkipInstanceError` depending on the user configuration of the project config file. For example, an error will be thrown if:
```

If a `manufacturer_overrides` is defined, it will be used to override the `base` tags, if the
manufacturer of the DICOM file matches the manufacturer in the `manufacturer_overrides`. Any tags
in the `manufacturer_overrides` that are not in the `base` will be added to the scheme as well.

> [SK: Between this and the previous read me I'm not sure this is totally clear, is it possible to have a full example of the yml file linked so that base and a manufacturer_overrides make a bit more sense ]

Reviewer: @skeating, @stefpiatek – flagging Sarah's comment for discussion/thoughts.
